let's raise this is more common at you
relay money we raise it fester yeah we
got it Aqua Net when it comes to more we
are the best only ones I do this is
nothing new
represent more like the red white and
blue watch the stance a racy snacks make
a donation to duct your attacks new you
new crew still the best there's nothing
new to 270 two three four five call up
really it's gonna be live
we fought cancer every day so let us ask
why do you relay really epidemic spreads
like the flu
we joined relay how about you
you wanna help your kids
raising money for ela
we're
it's a folder cause
atomic number 10 toss on some neon and
grab your best friend and the more yeah
you can bring your bed cuz that's okay
that's not okay and in the palm of your
hand yeah
what do you are see them more dance 28
and you're getting crazy purpose motive
drive for the reason we are raising god
I can't fully change but it's nothing
raising money for
it's a folder we got mine it's legendary
just dance your heart out these rumors
are scary no Spectre rings we're saving
lives Siegfried miss demise listen to
the morph don't chase station number one
relay engine asian honey grant call a
payday north nuts hit the main a out
here isn't all this cash spread and
curious light Travers right we kill that
sports and we raise money and we motor
so hard we pull the honey's we party so
hard with all the county we come and I
can Johar light a cloudy tired always
keeping get involved for cancer stepping
up getting money with main financier if
cancer was dude I'll take you on the
rate will win the match with the ding
ding let's come together in swinging
parties let's come together and raise
funds let's help those still and the
fight love you all like a diamond shine
bright
raising money
I would like to thank you for watching
the video we hope you enjoyed it it was
a lot of fun making and we really
enjoyed the production of it all and we
just wanted to get a point across here
then here at North are really strong
about really we're really passionate in
what we believe and the more it is just
kind of a symbol of everything we stand
for about our relay team
let me feel called - there's the link
below to make a donation on the website
thank you